Oh
hello everybody knows that
so they place today I
found in a new video for
film a second tutorial when you
could have guessed it in the
beginning of the video is in the title
this is going to be a tutorial to create some
fake blood for petshops why
for petshop simply because
that I do not see too much if it can be
useful to something else but hey if you
see other utilities there is no
problem so why did I decide to
make this video simply because
that halloween is fast approaching and
a lot of people are going to want to do
scary horror videos with
blood etc
but everyone does not know how to make
sense tainted the petshops actually I'm
remember last year she a lot
of people on facebook who are
complained because they had tried to
experience on their petshop and that
their petshop is set forever so
here is today I will introduce you
a method that does not stain the pet shop
here I hope it will serve you
so first of all for this experiment
it must of course a pet shop
I learned a pet shop which I
not too much so that's a pitch is
obliged to double because we never know
what can happen in the experiments
you will also need a little water
really not a big thing a container that
can also be aluminum foil
so me it's down an ice cover
here's rummy under let's never be too much
greedy you will also need some
food coloring
so I found my leclerc I
probably believe cholera patients
suddenly laurent food pardon it's
find everywhere you will also need a
brush we want any
personal I think everyone has a
perso at home if you are enough
flemmards and all you can take
a pipette
me that's what I 'm going to do all this
that here and you will also have
need a cocoa texture
so that may be due
cocoa powder now makes me
serve as icing sugar
so here we go we'll start all of
suite so first of all you go
take the pipette or if he did not
had you ps just take the glass of water
and you will put water in
your container in your paper
of aluminum to ajka km
there is no need for a big fat
big amount then always with the
pipe is if you have a pipette
or else bah by hand was going you
pour a few drops of dye
food in the water you just
pay in the risk of aligning
so we could conclude that this is
the problem is that in fact the
texture is very very liquid it's for
we're going to add some icing sugar
here to make the texture not pasty
but much less liquid if you
Take icing sugar pays attention
that there are no lumps in fact I
crashed it just quickly and so you
come on master
you put to the four think jean
doctor who because I took a little
too much icing sugar so with the brush
you will come a little mixed so
I too bring back what went on
the side and then you will be able
take their petshop and apply to it
the fake are where you want
there you see them still a little liquid
you do not hesitate to put a little bit
more and icing sugar that will help us
so that's normally not it
not stain you can wash with water
simply clear
and it will go well listen to the
tutorial is over anyway I hope
that he will have and more than a year more
of a so here you do the big thing
kisses and see you soon for a next
video maybe minty it was
in nine lots